README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

🔥 Starting Sync tube 📽 - Initial setup

README.md, after:

# SyncTube

SyncTube is a real-time synchronized video streaming and chat application that allows users to watch YouTube videos together while chatting in a shared room.

## Features

- **Real-Time Video Streaming:** Watch YouTube videos in sync with your friends in real time.
- **Chat:** Communicate with other users in the same room via real-time chat.
- **Create and Join Rooms:** Create your own rooms and invite friends to join, or join existing rooms.
- **User Authentication:** Securely log in and authenticate users.
- **Room Management:** Manage rooms, control video playback, and chat settings.
- **Responsive Design:** Enjoy a seamless experience on various devices.

## Technologies Used

- Next.js
- Shadcn UI
- Tailwind CSS
- NextUI
- WebRTC
- Socket.io

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository.
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`.
3. Start the development server: `npm run dev`.
First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Usage

1. Create a room or join an existing one.
2. Share the room link with your friends.
3. Add a YouTube link to the room to start watching together.
4. Use the chat to communicate with others in the room.

Happy syncing!
